I was pleasantly surprised when I logged in to find that message!
I remember being over the moon when I was picked to be a curator! I wish I could find my post with what I said to try and be one! Thank you so much for letting me have a look at 2.0!
Although I don't come on here so much any more, and I have never been that active on the forums, hopefully this big change will inspire me to come on here more, hehe.
First impressions;
I do like the ‘projects by scratchers I’m following' and the ‘projects loved by scratchers I’m following'
I also noticed the lack of ‘newest projects’. I think you should keep this, it was a great way for new projects to get a bit of time in the spotlight.
I couldn't get the links to work in the ‘scratch news’ section.
I love the layout, it is very open and fresh looking
I love how you have the ‘create’ section on the website!
Took me a little while to get used to the new blocks, but I think they are very helpful!
I did prefer it when the paint editor was in the middle of the screen. The blue dots to stretch lines when I draw a line get annoying after a while however. Perhaps an option to turn them off would be good?
I do think you should still have a downloadable version of scratch though, for those that can;t download flash/java etc. and also for those with slower internet connections.
I do like how the Profile page is set up
i like how you can scroll through all your projects! And also how you can see all your friends/followers.
I also like how quickly you can scroll through your projects in My Stuff. I found that the ‘last modified’ dates were incorrect, however; I might have last modified a project April 1st 2010, but it would say April 1st 2011.
The explore page shows a great range of projects. I love how it's random and it will get a few more peoples great work out there.
Comparing it to the current scratch site, some of my newer messages won't show up.
Also, there is a message like '####### commented on the gallery
null
9:03 am.
Does that mean the gallery is non-existant now?
I like the replying and commenting system, it is very sleek and easy to use!
I promise to check in frequently and give you my input!
I think this website is more complex, and will take some getting used to. Then again, I have been here a while, I'm sure it won't be an issue for the newer scratchers
I will miss the simplicity though.
Last edited by Robojam200 (Sept. 29, 2012 04:59:30)