When I first read that I was picked to test out the new Scratch 2.0, I didn't know what to expect. The first thing I noticed when I first opened the program was the new layout. It's very wide spread and you took advantage of the space on the screen so that even while editing scripts and costumes, the stage was visible at all times.
As an animator and artist on Scratch my first instinct was to check out the art editor of the new program. I started my first doodle and noticed how as soon as I released my mouse from the line, it automatically went to a transform sort of tool that enabled me to modify the line I have just drawn. As soon as I played around with it a little more I was able to pick up on its new features. I love being able to separate my creations from lines to color fills and disect each aspect of it out. The painter tool reminded me a lot of that of Flash's and I applaud you for taking that step. However, this next bit of commentary comes from my own personal taste so I may be speaking for myself here. I noticed that the paint tool implements the “auto-smooth” of the lines and every time I lifted my pen to finish drawing a stroke, the shape would immediately transform. I recognize that Flash has a similar function to this and it has always bothered me personally. If there could be some way to toggle the “auto-smooth” feature of the paint tool I would find only improvements and advancements with this new paint tool implemented. Considering the fact that it does have bugs that will be fixed, Well done.
I am not much of a programmer but I did take some time to look at the sections of the blocks. I like how you separated ‘Events’ and ‘Control’ blocks from one another making certain things easier to find. I use the ‘Events’ blocks commonly when scripting my animations so I found it to be a very subtle, yet useful change. I appreciate how you guys stuck to the original formula for the scratch blocks and everything seems to be similar to the regular Scratch which was comforting knowing I didn't have to hassle with learning new techniques. I did notice the new brown colored blocks labeled, ‘More Blocks’ and decided to test it out. I didn't know what to expect but after a bit of experimentation I was thrilled to see how you guys built us a tool to make programming actions significantly more convenient. Instead of seeing long ugly blocks of repeated actions I was joyed to find out that I could compress a complex action into a single block.
Overall, I'd say that I loved seeing the new program. You kept the elements familiar and comfortable, yet added new changes where it greatly enhanced it. I'd also like to thank you for giving me the opportunity to be one of many to test out the new Scratch 2.0 and I hope you guys keep on improving Scratch and continue to make it the amazing program it is. Thank you for your time!