The editor looks good so far! One major feature that is lacking (which I don't see on your list) is an “undo” button - although luckily I figured out that you could delete objects with the delete and backspace keys, which is convenient.
When trying to decide the colors of the fill and outline of my shapes, I found the interface quite intuitive - with the bucket to represent the fill, and pencil to represent the outline.  that you can create squares or circles by holding shift while drawing the shape. The slider to change the outline thickness is nice, since you can see a visual representation of how it will look - however I would still like to have a way way to see a number of what the thickness is (even if it only appears if you hover-over the slider, for example). A way to choose specific colors would be nice, but I can see you have that listed already as a planned feature. Also, the color picker tool seems to work well.
While experimenting with the line tool, I found a few problems. Firstly, the lines don't stay if you only click or your line is simply too short. Also, not all of the line will appear if you shift-click while drawing the line (to make it straight) - about one third of it (starting on the side where I first click) is removed. (However this bug doesn't occur if I let go of shift before I let go of my mouse. But apart from that, it seemed to work well.
The tool which allows you to change the points on a line is really easy to use! I like that there's a specific tool for it, rather than having to see all of the dots automatically when you normally choose a shape. Also I could deleting/adding points relatively easy.
The clone tool also seems to work pretty well - it looks nice with the half-transparent version of the clone hovering with your mouse until you click to place it.
BTW, I found a few bugs with the resize feature - but since it sounds like you're not interested in bugs yet, I'll just leave it out for now. Also, I couldn't figure out how to move items behind or in front of each other.
In conclusion though, I think this re-done paint editor is really well made - I can tell a lot of thought was put into making it!
Here's a project of the stuff I made with it so far.
(link)
Last edited by Lucario621 (Oct. 5, 2012 19:48:12)