Lucario621
Lightnin
BoltBait
Now, I never clicked “save” but somehow the project automatically saved itself!
This is very dangerous and not at all what I expected.  I did not want my changes to be saved.
If you are going to keep the web site like this, I don't think I can ever play my own games anymore.  Because if I do, they will be saved when I leave the page.
Actually - nothing will change when you view them in the player (except cloud variables, of course). Things are only saved when you go into the editor and make changes.
This is the pitfall of some difficult choices we made. We decided to with the autosave paradigm for a lot of reasons, most notably that it's simpler for new users to not have to think about save at all.
The alternative approach was to make a “working” version that you could change and then, when ready, commit and overwrite the “public” version (or discard, as you wanted to do). But having multiple instances of the same project was deemed too complex and confusing new users. However, if you want to make changes without affecting the project, just open it and then remix it. You can then edit privately without affecting the original.
Another solution to the problem of autosave is to have an automatic versioning system, like google docs. So in the example you described, you could easily revert your changes. There's been some discussion about this but it hasn't been implemented (and probably won't be before 2.0 is released).
I'm personally on BoltBait's side with this issue. Sure Google Docs went for the auto-saving feature, but it's backed up by the fact that you can go back to previous revisions. The Scratch 2.0 website should be encouraging people to remix and experiment with projects more - not the opposite. And I feel that having the latest, public version of the project always updating based on what the project creator does to it will cause problems.
For example, if I have a project that is on the front page, but somebody points out that there is a bug, I would usually try to look at the project's scripts, and see what the problem is, and try to fix it, right? And fixing isn't always a one-step process - it usually takes a lot of looking around to see what blocks or sprites are causing the problem, which involves taking away some scripts, showing/hiding sprites temporarily, and possibly making other changes. However with this flawed Scratch 2.0 model of making projects, in the middle of debugging, the project which I have on the front page would be updated with all of the changes I'm just making in the project editor! And if I end up deciding that I “give up” or that I want to work on fixing the problem later, I would usually just not save the changes, right? Well now that's not possible. And it doesn't help that there isn't any “undo” buttons anymore (and even in 1.4, the undelete function was pretty bare bones).
Now I do acknowledge that you mention another option, which is to remix the project and then make changes. However this is rather inconvenient, because then if you still want to make the changes to the original project, you have to do it separately! To my, this is a very obvious problem, and I'm surprised that the ST has overlooked it. From what I can tell, if we want to update projects that we have already uploaded online *without actually changing it online (until we're ready to completely update it)*, we're forced to use an offline version of Scratch, or simply use the online editor with our internet turned off.
I really hope that there's some kind of solution to this problem. A versioning system would be awesome - but even just an option to “not update the public version of the project until I choose to do so”, would be appreciated.
In a nutshell, I really don't see a reason not to have a simple save button, and a prompt saying: “Would you like to save your changes?” before you navigate away (onbeforeunload in JS). Most, if not all, desktop applications have a manual save feature, with a safety net in case you accidentally close the window. It's actually safer than autosave, because if you mess something up big-time, you can't get it back!
It seems senseless to constantly push a project save to the cloud anyway, imagine auto-saving a huge 10MB project every time you change a block.