In the
First Impressions thread
, there has been a discussion about the problems that arise when revising a shared project (since edits are auto-saved, with no option of reverting to earlier versions). I thought it would be better to discuss this issue in a separate thread.
Here's a response to one of the suggestions posted in the First Impressions thread….
LS97
How about:
It autosaves the project as it does now.
When the user clicks SHARE, the project is shared to the public.
The user is free to edit it and the project will autosave,
however
it will not show to the public until the user clicks RESHARE.
There could optionally be a button called REVERT TO SHARED VERSION for bloopers.
I think that's simple and convenient. A lot easier that what is being currently forced.
We thought about options like this, but we were concerned that some users would get confused if they had two versions of a project (both with the same name): one shared version, and one edited-but-not-yet-reshared version.
Here's our current plan for dealing with this issue… If you want to experiment with a shared project, you can make a copy of the project (which is then “unshared”), and edit that copy. If you want to replace the shared version with this edited copy, you can make sure the copy has the same name as the shared version and then click Share. The system will ask if the user wants to replace the shared version with the copy (since you can't have two shared projects with the same name). If you say yes, the shared version will be replaced by the copy, but will keep all of the social data (comments, love-its, etc.), similar to the way you can share a Scratch 1.4 project to the website and overwrite a project with the same name on the site. (Note: this capability is not yet implemented, but we expect to implement it soon.)
We recognize that this process is not very intuitive. But we think it will be used primarily by “expert” Scratchers who will be able to deal with the process.
We agree that it would be good to have a way to revert to an earlier version of a project (getting rid of edits that have been auto-saved). But we are still working on the best design for this, and we do not expect to have this feature ready for the launch of Scratch 2.0. We will continue working on it, and hope to add this capability at some future date.