Hardmath123
Well, save is definitely not my favorite thing to do, but that doesn't mean it isn't important to know. It totally needs a change, and a simpler interface; but we also need to consider the fact that pretty much every desktop document-based application uses the same model, so something had to be good about that (namely, you can control when to save/not save, control where to save, and can open a document intuitively).
I agree someone needs to think of a better way to save, I just don't think auto-save is the way to go. You need some degree of freedom, otherwise a few years into the future I can imagine someone saying “Remember how you lost all your work when you accidentally deleted a sprite and it was auto-saved? Or when your browser crashed during an auto-save and your project got corrupted?”
For the record, just speaking for myself, permanence is often scarier than free experimentation. When you have a big project which you want to add a new feature to, you're always calmer making the big change if you knew you could always go back if you messed up. And I mess up a lot.
I personally would still have to agree with Lightnin. He has made a pretty clear point that just because many old-school style programs (most of which are not web-based) use saving, it's not necessarily the best system. I understand your concern is, and I agree that being able to revert to a previous version would be a good idea, as it was already mentioned on the first post:
mres
We agree that it would be good to have a way to revert to an earlier version of a project (getting rid of edits that have been auto-saved). But we are still working on the best design for this, and we do not expect to have this feature ready for the launch of Scratch 2.0. We will continue working on it, and hope to add this capability at some future date.
This is just my opinion, but I've usually found that undoing extra changes that I've made to a project is usually easier than re-adding scripts and costumes that I've lost. And so although having an auto-save feature without history has its drawbacks, it's overall a step in the right direction, and a change I'm willing to take until the ST does add a way to go back to previous revisions.
EDIT: I probably should have mentioned, but I do like the idea mentioned in the first post of the topic (where you have to remix the project, and then use it to replace the older version, while keeping all of the views and comments). It makes sense, and although it's a bit out-of-the-way, it should suffice.
Last edited by Lucario621 (Oct. 9, 2012 17:17:06)